I learned a lot of new stuff throughout this course about web development.  Before this course, I really was not familiar with making a website.  I had learned some information before, but none of it really stuck because it was not hands on actually doing it.  I figured out how to set up and upload to my repositories correctly, it took me awhile but I finally figured out how to successfully do it.

As for web design, this is the part I found most interesting.  I learned how to do a ton of stuff to correctly design a pleasing web page.  I found font pairing to be the most complicated part because I would look through fonts and think that they would be good paired together, but when incorporating them into my site I realized that they were NOT a good match and did not compliment each other.  My favorite part was definitely the color pairing.  I like to incorporate as many complimenting colors in as possible as I think that makes the website more fun to look at.

For this cycle I first started by reading the guidelines for making our personal site and all that we needed to have incorporated in it.  I then sat down with a pen and paper and did a few quick sketches for all four of my pages and how I wanted to the basic layout to look like.  Once I got a layout that went together nicely, I started in on my HTML.  I did all of my HTML first to get all of my information in place and my images, and once I was finished with that I started doing my CSS.  I saved color and fonts for last because I could not decide on what I wanted to do for those, and once I got all of my stuff done I made sure it all worked and was functioning and then submitted it to GitHub!
